Quarantine Specialist:Prevent disease cube placements [and outbreaks] in the city you are in and all cities connected to it;Researcher:You may give any 1 of your City cards when you Share Knowledge. It need not match your city. A player who Shares Knowledge with you on their turn can take any 1 of your City cards;Operations Expert:As an action, build a research station in the city you are in [no City card needed]. Once per turn as an action, move from a research station to any city by discarding any City card.;Dispatcher:Move another player's pawn as if it were yours. As an action, move any pawn to a city with another pawn. Get permission before moving another player's pawn.;Scientist:You need only 4 cards of the same colour to do the Discover a Cure action.;Medic:Remove all cubes of one colour when doing Treat Disease. Automatically remove cubes of cured diseases from the city you are in [and prevent them from being placed there].;Contingency Planner:As an action, take any discarded Event card and store it on this card. When you play the stored Event card, remove it from the game. Limit - 1 Event card on this card at a time, which is not part of your hand.;Archivist:Your hand limit is 8 cards. Once per turn, as an action, you may take the City card that matches the city you are in from the Player Discard Pile into you hand.;Containment Specialist:When you enter a city with 2 or more disease cubes of the same colour, remove 1 of them.;Epidemiologist:Once during your turn, you may [with permission] take any City card from a player in the same city with you. Doing this is not an action.;Field Operative:Once per turn, as an action, you may move 1 disease cube from the city you are in onto this Role card. When you discover a Cure, you may replace 2 of the needed City cards with 3 cubes of the cure colour from this card.;Generalist:You may do up to 5 actions each turn.;Troubleshooter:Start your turn by looking at as many infection cards as the current infection rate. When you do a Direct Flight, reveal the City card used [but do no discard it].;